Standard arrays
Create an empty array.
Create an array of the colors of the rainbow.
Create an array of gems.
Create an array of military ranks.
Create an array of road signs.
Create an array containing components of a tree.
Create an array of prime numbers less than 20.
Create an array of words programmers typically say while programming.
Create an array of elements of the periodic table.
Create an array representing the coins currently in your pocket.
Create an array of items you bring to class daily.
Create an array of web developer role titles.
Create an array of good luck charms.
Create an array of mythical animals.
Create an array of drinks.
Create an array of emoticons.
Create an array with the letters of the word 'array'.

Object arrays:
Create an array of People objects, where each object has a name and age.
Create an array of songs you'd like Jon to add to the playlist of music to listen to in class.  Each song should be an object with at least a title and an artist.
Create an array of functions.
Create an array of Sublime shortcuts.  Each item should have a keystroke combination and a textual description of what the key combination does.

Nested arrays
Create an array of gem arrays, where each gem array contains gems that are of a similar color.
Create an array of aisles at a supermarket.  Each aisle is an array of items you might find in an aisle together.  (e.g. flour and baking powder)
Create an array of three arrays, each array having numbers that add up to 15, but having no element listed more than once in any array (e.g. each element can only be in one array, and at most once in each array)

Hard Mode
Create an array with three elements, each consisting of a single character: single quotes, double quotes, and a comma.
Create an array of 1000 elements.  (Contents do not matter, it just needs to have 1000 elements.)
Create an array of three elements.  The first and second elements should not be equal, the second and third elements should not be equal, but the first and third elements should be equal.
Create an array of at least five elements where each element is equal to the elements adjacent to it.
Create an array of at least five reserved Javascript keywords.
Create an array of an array of an array of an array of an array of an array containing a single element: the number 42.
